[6.0][capi-media-vision] add new inference api to detect pose landmarks (#1244)
Samsung/tizen-docs: docs/application/native/guides/multimedia/pose-detection.md

> # Pose Detection

Author: done

> Pose Detection is new feature of Media Vision Inference API since Tizen 6.0. It can provides landmarks detection. In addition, it defines landmarks and parts of a human body and provides to detect a human pose with an motion capture (MoCap) file which a user can create or edit with tools.

Author: done

## [Background](#background)

> Tizen defines a human body pose landmarks and body parts as shown in below figure.

Author: done

**Figure: Definition of human body pose landmarks and body parts**

![Body pose](./media/mediavision_pose_tizen_def.png)

> Pose landmark detection models are available in open model zoo such as [hosted model zoo](https://www.tensorflow.org/lite/guide/hosted_models#floating_point_models) or public github site such as [public pose model](https://github.com/tyoungroy/PoseEstimationForMobile). Those models provides different landmarks information such as the number of landmarks and locations. To use them correctly, you have to map those information to landmarks based on the definition. For example, to use the model [public pose model](https://github.com/tyoungroy/PoseEstimationForMobile) which provides 14 landmarks as,

Reviewer: One opinion at here. We don't need to write like "fourteen(14)" when it is used in 14 landmarks.
How about just "14 landmarks"?

Reference : https://developers.google.com/style/numbers#numbers-as-numerals

> Pose landmark detection models are available in open model zoo such as [hosted model zoo](https://www.tensorflow.org/lite/guide/hosted_models#floating_point_models) or public github site such as [public pose model](https://github.com/tyoungroy/PoseEstimationForMobile). Those models provides different landmarks information such as the number of landmarks and locations. To use them correctly, you have to map those information to landmarks based on the definition. For example, to use the model [public pose model](https://github.com/tyoungroy/PoseEstimationForMobile) which provides 14 landmarks as,

Reviewer 2: Thanks @mijin85cho 
```suggestion
Pose landmark detection models are available in Open Model Zoo such as [hosted model zoo](https://www.tensorflow.org/lite/guide/hosted_models#floating_point_models) or public GitHub site such as [public pose model](https://github.com/tyoungroy/PoseEstimationForMobile). The public pose models provide landmark information, such as the number of landmarks and locations. To use them correctly, you must map the information to landmarks based on the definition. For example, you can use the [public pose model](https://github.com/tyoungroy/PoseEstimationForMobile), which provides 14 landmarks as follows:

> Pose landmark detection models are available in open model zoo such as [hosted model zoo](https://www.tensorflow.org/lite/guide/hosted_models#floating_point_models) or public github site such as [public pose model](https://github.com/tyoungroy/PoseEstimationForMobile). Those models provides different landmarks information such as the number of landmarks and locations. To use them correctly, you have to map those information to landmarks based on the definition. For example, to use the model [public pose model](https://github.com/tyoungroy/PoseEstimationForMobile) which provides 14 landmarks as,

Author: It is no problem to the link. It is the forked repository but not private. It is  also public repository as the link which i forked from.

> Pose landmark detection models are available in open model zoo such as [hosted model zoo](https://www.tensorflow.org/lite/guide/hosted_models#floating_point_models) or public github site such as [public pose model](https://github.com/tyoungroy/PoseEstimationForMobile). Those models provides different landmarks information such as the number of landmarks and locations. To use them correctly, you have to map those information to landmarks based on the definition. For example, to use the model [public pose model](https://github.com/tyoungroy/PoseEstimationForMobile) which provides 14 landmarks as,

Author: done

> Pose landmark detection models are available in open model zoo such as [hosted model zoo](https://www.tensorflow.org/lite/guide/hosted_models#floating_point_models) or public github site such as [public pose model](https://github.com/tyoungroy/PoseEstimationForMobile). Those models provides different landmarks information such as the number of landmarks and locations. To use them correctly, you have to map those information to landmarks based on the definition. For example, to use the model [public pose model](https://github.com/tyoungroy/PoseEstimationForMobile) which provides 14 landmarks as,

Author: done

> ![Body pose](./media/mediavision_pose_public_model_def.png),

Author: I don't understand your comment. How to separate them? 
do i put the images in one place and refer to it in description?
If you suggest the layout, i will refer to it.

> ![Body pose](./media/mediavision_pose_public_model_def.png),

Reviewer 2: @tyoungroy  @mijin85cho just wishes to ensure correct spacing between text and images, as in the view, images are immediately at the end of the text. instead, you must give a line break such that image gets inline with the text.

> ![Body pose](./media/mediavision_pose_public_model_def.png),

Reviewer: > you must give a line break such that image gets inline with the text.

@nawab-samsung I sorry but I don't get your point. 

In the original form, the image and the text lines were not separated as like they were in one line.

_text lines_ (_image_) _text lines_

After @tyoungroy's updated, in my point of view, as like other pages now the images and text lines in this page are separated, not merged. That was what I requested to @tyoungroy to apply.

_text lines_:
(_image_)
_text lines_

Would you please explain your concern again?

> ![Body pose](./media/mediavision_pose_public_model_def.png),

Reviewer 2: @mijin85cho I just wished to clear what you had suggested thanks. Exactly as per your last comment.

> while `-1` means that there is no landmarks, you can create a mapping file. Suppose that the file is `pose_mapping.txt`, then, you can create `pose_mapping.txt` as

Reviewer: I'm not sure with efficiency of changing to list.

Also a question. Can we consider this comment as your opinion to my previous one?

> while `-1` means that there is no landmarks, you can create a mapping file. Suppose that the file is `pose_mapping.txt`, then, you can create `pose_mapping.txt` as

Reviewer 2: @mijin85cho yes sure, going with list is just a suggestion. Yes your opinion is also good. 
Whether we go with a list or not, I have slightly checked the sentences for grammar, conciseness and structure.
I have added a leading line to align the content flow.  Your suggestion will be great on this front. 

Thanks again.

> while `-1` means that there is no landmarks, you can create a mapping file. Suppose that the file is `pose_mapping.txt`, then, you can create `pose_mapping.txt` as

Reviewer: @nawab-samsung OK, thanks for the checking.

> while `-1` means that there is no landmarks, you can create a mapping file. Suppose that the file is `pose_mapping.txt`, then, you can create `pose_mapping.txt` as

Author: @nawab-samsung  I revised it. But i'm not sure that list is better or not. In my opinion, it looks better to keep it as a paragraph without list format.

> while `-1` means that there is no landmarks, you can create a mapping file. Suppose that the file is `pose_mapping.txt`, then, you can create `pose_mapping.txt` as

Reviewer 2: @tyoungroy  sure, you both have the same opinion, I agree to your opinions. 
Thanks

```
1
2
-1
3
4
5
6
7
8
-1
9
10
11
12
13
14
```

> `1` denotes that the first landmark of the model corresponds to `MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_HEAD`.  `-1` at the 3rd denotes that there is no corresponding landmark `MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_THORAX`. `3` at the 4th denotes that the 3rd landmark of the model corresponds to `MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_RIGHT_SHOULDER`. You can know how it works with following table.

Reviewer: I'm not sure with efficiency of changing to list.

> `1` denotes that the first landmark of the model corresponds to `MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_HEAD`.  `-1` at the 3rd denotes that there is no corresponding landmark `MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_THORAX`. `3` at the 4th denotes that the 3rd landmark of the model corresponds to `MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_RIGHT_SHOULDER`. You can know how it works with following table.

Author: It is better to keep as a paragraph without list. 
the last sentence ``
The following table shows how the public pose model works with different values, definitions, and mappings: `` makes confusion. 
There are no definition of values, what definitions are, mapping is.
In my opinion,
`` The following table shows how the public pose model works.`` is enough.

> **Table: Example of how  [public pose model](https://github.com/tyoungroy/PoseEstimationForMobile) to map the definition**

Author: I think that it is better to keep the link.
It is no problem whether the link is personal forked repository or not.
Even though the link is provided above, it is better to provide the link to readers at the table.

> **Table: Example of how  [public pose model](https://github.com/tyoungroy/PoseEstimationForMobile) to map the definition**

Author: Keeping link is no problem. 
Except removing the link, i revised it as your suggestion.

| Value | Defintion | pose_mapping.txt |
| - | - | - |
| 1 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_HEAD | 1 |
| 2 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_NECK | 2 |
| 3 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_THORAX | -1 |
| 4 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_RIGHT_SHOULDER | 3 |
| 5 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_RIGHT_ELBOW | 4 |
| 6 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_RIGHT_WRIST | 5 |
| 7 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_LEFT_SHOULDER | 6 |
| 8 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_LEFT_ELBOW | 7 |
| 9 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_LEFT_WRIST | 8 |
| 10 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_PELVIS | -1 |
| 11 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_RIGHT_HIP | 9 |
| 12 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_RIGHT_KNEE | 10 |
| 13 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_RIGHT_ANKLE | 11 |
| 14 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_LEFT_HIP | 12 |
| 15 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_LEFT_KNEE | 13 |
| 16 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_LEFT_ANKLE | 14 |

> ---

Author: done

> Motion capture file (MoCap) includes the movements of objects or people. There are various MoCap formats, but well-known BVH (BioVision Hierarchy) file is supported in Media Vision. BVH file has Hierarchy structure to provide landmark information and the structure can be changed. It means that landmarks information is differenct from the definition. To use them correctly, you have to map those information to landmarks based on the definition. For example, an [example](file://./media/mediavision_pose_bvh_sample.bvh) BVH file describes a squat pose as,

Reviewer: Thanks for the modification. However please check that the link is not working.
The link should be in below form.

\[BVH file](media/mediavision_pose_bvh_sample.bvh)

> Motion capture file (MoCap) includes the movements of objects or people. There are various MoCap formats, but well-known BVH (BioVision Hierarchy) file is supported in Media Vision. BVH file has Hierarchy structure to provide landmark information and the structure can be changed. It means that landmarks information is differenct from the definition. To use them correctly, you have to map those information to landmarks based on the definition. For example, an [example](file://./media/mediavision_pose_bvh_sample.bvh) BVH file describes a squat pose as,

Reviewer 2: @mijin85cho sure thanks

> Motion capture file (MoCap) includes the movements of objects or people. There are various MoCap formats, but well-known BVH (BioVision Hierarchy) file is supported in Media Vision. BVH file has Hierarchy structure to provide landmark information and the structure can be changed. It means that landmarks information is differenct from the definition. To use them correctly, you have to map those information to landmarks based on the definition. For example, an [example](file://./media/mediavision_pose_bvh_sample.bvh) BVH file describes a squat pose as,

Author: MoCap can includes the movements of people. But, "a person" seem to be much proper at here.
I will revise it.

![Body pose](./media/mediavision_pose_bvh_sample.png)

> , with 15 landmarks. It starts with Hips and ends with RightRoot. Thus, you can create a mapping file, named of `mocap_mapping.txt` as

Reviewer: Opinion to the "The following example starts with Hips and ends with RightRoot with 15 landmarks.".

With current suggestion, the paragraphs will be like this.

---

... For example, the following  [BVH file](file://./media/mediavision_pose_bvh_sample.bvh ) describes a squat pose as follows: 

_\[image]_

The following example starts with Hips and ends with RightRoot with 15 landmarks. You can create a mapping file named `mocap_mapping.txt` as follows: 

---

So in this flow, "follow" is repetitive. How about changing "The following example" to "This example" or similar expression?

> , with 15 landmarks. It starts with Hips and ends with RightRoot. Thus, you can create a mapping file, named of `mocap_mapping.txt` as

Reviewer 2: @mijin85cho thanks, I modified as per your suggestion. 

Now the paragraphs will be like this.

---

... For example, the  [BVH file](file://./media/mediavision_pose_bvh_sample.bvh ) describes a squat pose as follows: 

_\[image]_

The example starts with Hips and ends with RightRoot with 15 landmarks. You can create a mapping file named `mocap_mapping.txt` as follows: 

---

```
Hips,10
Neck,2
Head,1
LeftUpArm,7
LeftLowArm,8
LeftHand,9
RightUpArm,4
RightLowArm,5
RightHand,6
LeftUpLeg,14
LeftLowLeg,15
LeftFoot,16
RightUpLeg,11
RightLowLeg,12
RightFoot,13

> ```

Author: As your comment there is wrong description. 
I fixed `It starts with hips and ends right foot` to `it starts with hips and ends with left foot`.

Also, 
I revised ` BVH file has Hierarchy structure to provide landmark information the structure can be changed.` with `BVH file has Hierarchy structure to provide landmark information with landmarks' name and the structure can be changed`.

So, `Hips, 10` means that the landmark named of `Hips` in the bvh file corresponds to 10th definition `MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_PELVIS`. The order in the mapping file is not important because that it can be mapped by the name.

If there is no mapped landmark, you don't need to list it. For example, index 3 is missing. It means that, in this bvh file, the 3rd definition, `MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_THORAX` , is not defined and not used.

   ```c
   #include <mv_inference.h>

   /* Image decoding for image recognition */
   #include <image_util.h>
   /* Preview images for image tracking */
   #include <camera.h>
   ```
2. Create a structure to store the global data.

   For pose detection , use the following `imagedata_s` structure:

   ```c
   struct _imagedata_s {
       mv_source_h g_source;
       mv_engine_config_h g_engine_config;
       mv_inference_h g_inferece;
       mv_pose_h g_pose;
   };
   typedef struct _imagedata_s imagedata_s;
   static imagedata_s imagedata;
   ```

## Detect Human Pose

To detect human pose from an image:

1. Create the source and engine configuration handles:

   ```c
   int error_code = 0;

   error_code = mv_create_source(&imagedata.g_source);
   if (error_code != MEDIA_VISION_ERROR_NONE)
       dlog_print(DLOG_ERROR, LOG_TAG, "error code = %d", error_code);

   error_code = mv_create_engine_config(&imagedata.g_engine_config);
   if (error_code != MEDIA_VISION_ERROR_NONE)
       dlog_print(DLOG_ERROR, LOG_TAG, "error code= %d", error_code);
   ```
2. Decode the image file and fill the `g_source` handle with the decoded raw data.

>    In the following example, `sample.jpg` is the image which a person gets a squat pose and  is in the `<OwnDataPath>` folder.

Reviewer: How about removing parentheses of (\`sample.jpg\`)?

>    In the following example, `sample.jpg` is the image which a person gets a squat pose and  is in the `<OwnDataPath>` folder.

Reviewer 2: yes sure, edited it, thanks @mijin85cho

   if (error_code != IMAGE_UTIL_ERROR_NONE)
       dlog_print(DLOG_ERROR, LOG_TAG, "error code = %d", error_code);

   error_code = image_util_decode_set_output_buffer(imageDecoder, &dataBuffer);
   if (error_code != IMAGE_UTIL_ERROR_NONE)
       dlog_print(DLOG_ERROR, LOG_TAG, "error code = %d", error_code);

   error_code = image_util_decode_run(imageDecoder, &width, &height, &bufferSize);
   if (error_code != IMAGE_UTIL_ERROR_NONE)
       dlog_print(DLOG_ERROR, LOG_TAG, "error code = %d", error_code);

   error_code = image_util_decode_destroy(imageDecoder);
   if (error_code != IMAGE_UTIL_ERROR_NONE)
       dlog_print(DLOG_ERROR, LOG_TAG, "error code = %d", error_code);

   /* Fill the dataBuffer to g_source */
   error_code = mv_source_fill_by_buffer(imagedata.g_source, dataBuffer, (unsigned int)bufferSize,
                                         (unsigned int)width, (unsigned int)height, MEDIA_VISION_COLORSPACE_RGB888);
   if (error_code != MEDIA_VISION_ERROR_NONE)
       dlog_print(DLOG_ERROR, LOG_TAG, "error code = %d", error_code);

   free(dataBuffer);
   dataBuffer = NULL;
   ```

> 3. To detect landmark of pose from the `sample.jpg`,

Author: done

>     <img src="./media/mediavision_pose_sample_sumo.png" width=300>,

Author: done

    create a `g_inference` media vision inference handle:

   ```c
   error_code = mv_inference_create(&imagedata.g_inference);
   if (error_code != MEDIA_VISION_ERROR_NONE)
       dlog_print(DLOG_ERROR, LOG_TAG, "error code = %d", error_code);
   ```

> 4. Configure `g_engine_config` with a body pose model data and its mapping file. In the following example, TensorFlow Lite model is used and `data.tflite` and its mapping file `data_mapping.txt` are in `<OwnDataPath>`. Model data is available in open model zoo such as [hosted model zoo](https://www.tensorflow.org/lite/guide/hosted_models#floating_point_models) or [public pose model](https://github.com/tyoungroy/PoseEstimationForMobile). Suppose model data and its mapping file in Section <a name="background">Background</a>:

Reviewer: Please change \<a name="background">Background\</a> to \[Background](#background)

Author: done

> 4. Configure `g_engine_config` with a body pose model data and its mapping file. In the following example, TensorFlow Lite model is used and `data.tflite` and its mapping file `data_mapping.txt` are in `<OwnDataPath>`. Model data is available in open model zoo such as [hosted model zoo](https://www.tensorflow.org/lite/guide/hosted_models#floating_point_models) or [public pose model](https://github.com/tyoungroy/PoseEstimationForMobile). Suppose model data and its mapping file in Section <a name="background">Background</a>:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Configure `g_engine_config` with a body pose model data and its mapping file. In the following example, TensorFlow Lite model is used, the `data.tflite` and its mapping file `data_mapping.txt` are stored in your `<OwnDataPath>`. The model data is available in open model zoo such as [hosted model zoo](https://www.tensorflow.org/lite/guide/hosted_models#floating_point_models) or the [public pose model](https://github.com/tyoungroy/PoseEstimationForMobile). 
```
I cannot comprehend the following line from point 4, can you please rephrase it such that I understand it better:

**Suppose model data and its mapping file in Section [Background](#background):**

Once you clear my doubt, I will write a final version of this whole text.

Author: It means that the files are used as the same ones which are described in Section Background.
I revised it

> 4. Configure `g_engine_config` with a body pose model data and its mapping file. In the following example, TensorFlow Lite model is used and `data.tflite` and its mapping file `data_mapping.txt` are in `<OwnDataPath>`. Model data is available in open model zoo such as [hosted model zoo](https://www.tensorflow.org/lite/guide/hosted_models#floating_point_models) or [public pose model](https://github.com/tyoungroy/PoseEstimationForMobile). Suppose model data and its mapping file in Section <a name="background">Background</a>:

Author: Yes, it is no problem. It is personal, but not private. it inherits the same license form the repository i forked.

    ```c
    #define MODEL_DATA "OwnDataPath/data.tflite"

>     #define MODEL_MAPPING_FILE "OwnDataPath/data_mapping.txt"

Author: I used <> in sentences to indicate it includes a path. <OwnDataPath> is equal to OwnDataPath.
In image-classification.md, i used the same expression.
If it causes confusion, i will fix them.

>     #define MODEL_MAPPING_FILE "OwnDataPath/data_mapping.txt"

Reviewer: Question. It is said that in this page \<> are removed from \<OwnDataPath>.
However, in line 154 we have a OwnDataPath with \<>.
`..."/<OwnDataPath>/sample.jpg")...`

To unify the usage of \<>, I think it would be better to choose one way through the page.
We have two ways.

 - remove \<> from the `<OwnDataPath>` on line 154.
 - Apply \<> to every `OwnDataPath`s.

Indeed I prefer the second way. Would you please let me know your opinion?

>     #define MODEL_MAPPING_FILE "OwnDataPath/data_mapping.txt"

Author: I applied <> to every `OwnDataPath`  and at line 154, i changed `"/<OwnDataPath>/sample.jpg"` to `"<OwnDataPath>/sample.jpg`

    MV_INFERENCE_DATA_FLOAT32);

    error_code = mv_engine_config_set_string_attribute(handle,
    MV_INFERENCE_MODEL_USER_FILE_PATH,
    MODEL_MAPPING_FILE);

    error_code = mv_engine_config_set_double_attribute(handle,
    MV_INFERENCE_MODEL_MEAN_VALUE,
    0.0);

    error_code = mv_engine_config_set_double_attribute(handle,
    MV_INFERENCE_MODEL_STD_VALUE,
    1.0);

    error_code = mv_engine_config_set_int_attribute(handle,
    MV_INFERENCE_BACKEND_TYPE,
    MV_INFERENCE_BACKEND_TFLITE);

    error_code = mv_engine_config_set_int_attribute(handle,
    MV_INFERENCE_BACKEND_TYPE,
    MV_INFERENCE_TARGET_CPU);

    error_code = mv_engine_config_set_int_attribute(handle,
    MV_INFERENCE_INPUT_TENSOR_WIDTH,
    192);

    error_code = mv_engine_config_set_int_attribute(handle,
    MV_INFERENCE_INPUT_TENSOR_HEIGHT,
    192);

    error_code = mv_engine_config_set_int_attribute(handle,
    MV_INFERENCE_INPUT_TENSOR_CHANNELS,
    3);

    error_code = mv_engine_config_set_string_attribute(handle,
    MV_INFERENCE_INPUT_NODE_NAME,
    inputNodeName);

    error_code = mv_engine_config_set_array_string_attribute(handle,
    MV_INFERENCE_OUTPUT_NODE_NAMES,

>     outputNodeName, 1);

Author: I added the code to create handle.
and for the simplicity, all error check codes are omitted.

>     outputNodeName, 1);

Reviewer: > and for the simplicity, all error check codes are omitted.

How about adding one line description that the error checking codes are omitted for the simplicity?

    ```

    For more information on the configuration attributes such as `MV_INFERENCE_MODEL_WEIGHT_FILE_PATH`, see Media Vision Inference API (in [mobile](../../api/mobile/latest/group__CAPI__MEDIA__VISION__INFERENCE__MODULE.html) and [wearable](../../api/wearable/latest/group__CAPI__MEDIA__VISION__INFERENCE__MODULE.html) applications).

5. Use `mv_inference_configure()` to configure`g_inference` inference handle with`g_engine_config`:

    ```c
    error_code = mv_inference_configure(imagedata.g_inference, imagedata.g_engine_config);
    if (error_code != MEDIA_VISION_ERROR_NONE)
      dlog_print(DLOG_ERROR, LOG_TAG, "error code = %d", error_code);
    ```

6. Use`mv_inference_prepare()` to prepare inference:

    ```c
    error_code = mv_inference_prepare(imagedata.g_inference);
    if (error_code != MEDIA_VISION_ERROR_NONE)
      dlog_print(DLOG_ERROR, LOG_TAG, "error code = %d", error_code);
      ```

7. To detect pose, create `g_pose` media vision pose handle:

    ```c

    error_code = mv_pose_create(&imagedata.g_pose);
    if (error_code != MEDIA_VISION_ERROR_NONE)
      dlog_print(DLOG_ERROR, LOG_TAG, "error code = %d", error_code);
      ```

> 8. Set`mocap.bvh` and its mapping file`mocap_mapping.txt` to`g_pose` handle to compare and detect pose. Suppose MoCap file and its mapping file in Section <a name="background">Background</a>:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
8. Set `mocap.bvh` and its mapping file `mocap_mapping.txt` to `g_pose` handle to compare and detect the pose. 
```
I cannot comprehend the following line from point 8, can you please rephrase it such that I understand it better:

**Suppose the MoCap file and its mapping file in Section [Background](#background):**

Once you clear my doubt, I will write a final version of this whole text.

Author: It means that the files are used as the same ones which are described in Section Background.
I revised it

    ```c
    #define MOCAP_DATA "OwnDataPath/mocap.bvh"

>     #define MOCAP_MAPPING_FILE  "OwnDataPath/mocap_mapping.txt"

Author: https://github.com/Samsung/tizen-docs/pull/1244#discussion_r491663639

    error_code = mv_pose_set_from_file(imagedata.g_pose, MOCAP_DATA, MOCAP_MAPPING_FILE);
    if (error_code != MEDIA_VISION_ERROR_NONE)
        dlog_print(DLOG_ERROR, LOG_TAG, "error code = %d", error_code);
    ```

9. Use`mv_inference_pose_landmark_detect()` to detect landmarks from the image:

    ```c
    error_code = mv_inference_pose_landmark_detect(imagedata.g_source, &imagedata.g_inference, NULL, _on_pose_landmark_detected_cb, NULL);
    if (error_code != MEDIA_VISION_ERROR_NONE)
        dlog_print(DLOG_ERROR, LOG_TAG, "error code = %d", error_code);
    ```

>     `mv_inference_pose_landmark_detect()` invokes `_on_pose_landmark_detected_cb()` callback.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `mv_inference_pose_landmark_detect()` invokes the `_on_pose_landmark_detected_cb()` callback.
```

Author: done

    The following callback example shows how to detect pose from the detected landmark:

    ```c
    static void
    _on_pose_landmark_detected_cb(mv_source_h source, mv_inference_pose_result_h pose, void *user_data)
    {
      float pose_score = 0.0f;
      error_code = mv_pose_compare(imagedata.g_pose, pose,
            (MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_BODY_PART_LEG_LEFT |
             MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_BODY_PART_LEG_RIGHT),
             &pose_score);
      if (error_code != MEDIA_VISION_ERROR_NONE) {
          dlog_print(DLOG_ERROR, LOG_TAG, "error code = %d", error_code);
          return;
      }

      if (pose_score > 0.9f) {
         dlog_print(DLOG_INFO, LOG_TAG, "success to detect pose with score %.3f\n", pose_score);
      } else {
         dlog_print(DLOG_INFO, LOG_TAG, "fail to detect pose with score %.3f\n", pose_score);
      }
    }
    ```

> 10. After the detetion is complete, destroy the source, engine configuration, the inference, and the pose handles using `mv_destroy_source()`, `mv_destroy_engine_config()`, `mv_inference_destroy()`, and `mv_pose_destroy()`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
10. After the detection is complete, destroy the source, engine configuration, the inference, and the pose handles using `mv_destroy_source()`, `mv_destroy_engine_config()`, `mv_inference_destroy()`, and `mv_pose_destroy()`:

Author: done

**Table: Example of how  [public pose model](https://github.com/tyoungroy/PoseEstimationForMobile) maps to the definition**

| Value | Defintion | pose_mapping.txt |
| - | - | - |
| 1 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_HEAD | 1 |
| 2 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_NECK | 2 |
| 3 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_THORAX | -1 |
| 4 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_RIGHT_SHOULDER | 3 |
| 5 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_RIGHT_ELBOW | 4 |
| 6 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_RIGHT_WRIST | 5 |
| 7 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_LEFT_SHOULDER | 6 |
| 8 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_LEFT_ELBOW | 7 |
| 9 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_LEFT_WRIST | 8 |
| 10 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_PELVIS | -1 |
| 11 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_RIGHT_HIP | 9 |
| 12 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_RIGHT_KNEE | 10 |
| 13 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_RIGHT_ANKLE | 11 |
| 14 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_LEFT_HIP | 12 |
| 15 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_LEFT_KNEE | 13 |
| 16 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_LEFT_ANKLE | 14 |

> Motion capture file (MoCap) includes the movements of objects or a person. There are various MoCap formats, but a well-known BVH (BioVision Hierarchy) file is supported in Media Vision. BVH file has Hierarchy structure to provide landmark information with landmarks' name, and the structure can be changed. It means that landmarks information is different from the definition. To use them correctly, you have to map the information to the landmarks based on the definition. For example, the [BVH file](/media/mediavision_pose_bvh_sample.bvh) describes a squat pose as follows:

Reviewer: @nawab-samsung 
Question to "BVH (BioVision Hierarchy) ".
I thought SRI-B's style to write an abbreviation was "BioVision Hierarchy (BVH)".
Would you please check?

Reviewer 2: @mijin85cho thanks,I checked many [sources](https://www.google.com/search?client=firefox-b-d&q=BVHfile), and the BVH file is called mostly and commonly by its abbrevation so kept it otherwise. But as you say, I will go with your suggestion. 

```suggestion
Motion capture file (MoCap) includes the movements of objects or a person. There are various MoCap formats, but a well-known BioVision Hierarchy (BVH) file is supported in Media Vision. BVH file has Hierarchy structure to provide landmark information with landmarks' name, and the structure can be changed. It means that landmarks information is different from the definition. To use them correctly, you have to map the information to the landmarks based on the definition. For example, the [BVH file](/media/mediavision_pose_bvh_sample.bvh) describes a squat pose as follows:

   ```c
   #include <mv_inference.h>

   /* Image decoding for image recognition */
   #include <image_util.h>
   /* Preview images for image tracking */
   #include <camera.h>
   ```
2. Create a structure to store global data.

   For pose detection , use the following `imagedata_s` structure:

   ```c
   struct _imagedata_s {
       mv_source_h g_source;
       mv_engine_config_h g_engine_config;
       mv_inference_h g_inference;
       mv_pose_h g_pose;
   };
   typedef struct _imagedata_s imagedata_s;
   static imagedata_s imagedata;
   ```

## Detect human pose

To detect human pose from an image:

1. Create the source and engine configuration handles:

   ```c
   int error_code = 0;

   error_code = mv_create_source(&imagedata.g_source);
   if (error_code != MEDIA_VISION_ERROR_NONE)
       dlog_print(DLOG_ERROR, LOG_TAG, "error code = %d", error_code);

   error_code = mv_create_engine_config(&imagedata.g_engine_config);
   if (error_code != MEDIA_VISION_ERROR_NONE)
       dlog_print(DLOG_ERROR, LOG_TAG, "error code= %d", error_code);
   ```

> 2. Decode the image file and fill the `g_source` handle with the decoded raw data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Decode the image file and fill the `g_source` handle with the decoded raw data:

    <img src="./media/mediavision_pose_sample_sumo.png" width=300>

>    In the following example image `sample.jpg`, a person is shown in a squat pose, and the image is in the `<OwnDataPath>` folder.

Reviewer 2: @mijin85cho thanks for letting me know !

       dlog_print(DLOG_ERROR, LOG_TAG, "error code = %d", error_code);

   error_code = image_util_decode_run(imageDecoder, &width, &height, &bufferSize);
   if (error_code != IMAGE_UTIL_ERROR_NONE)
       dlog_print(DLOG_ERROR, LOG_TAG, "error code = %d", error_code);

   error_code = image_util_decode_destroy(imageDecoder);
   if (error_code != IMAGE_UTIL_ERROR_NONE)
       dlog_print(DLOG_ERROR, LOG_TAG, "error code = %d", error_code);

   /* Fill the dataBuffer to g_source */
   error_code = mv_source_fill_by_buffer(imagedata.g_source, dataBuffer, (unsigned int)bufferSize,
                                         (unsigned int)width, (unsigned int)height, MEDIA_VISION_COLORSPACE_RGB888);
   if (error_code != MEDIA_VISION_ERROR_NONE)
       dlog_print(DLOG_ERROR, LOG_TAG, "error code = %d", error_code);

   free(dataBuffer);
   dataBuffer = NULL;
   ```
3. To detect landmark of the pose from the `sample.jpg` image, create a `g_inference` media vision inference handle:

   ```c
   error_code = mv_inference_create(&imagedata.g_inference);
   if (error_code != MEDIA_VISION_ERROR_NONE)
       dlog_print(DLOG_ERROR, LOG_TAG, "error code = %d", error_code);
   ```

> 4. Configure `g_engine_config` with a body pose model data and its mapping file. Suppose that model data `data.tflite` and its mapping file `data_mapping.txt` are used as the same ones described in [Background](#background) and they are in `<OwnDataPath>`:

Reviewer 2: @tyoungroy I need your opinion on the following change, kindly verify for technical correctness too. 
```suggestion
4. Configure `g_engine_config` with a body pose model data and its mapping file. Suppose that model data `data.tflite` and its mapping file `data_mapping.txt` are used as per the description in the [Background](#background) section and the files are stored in `<OwnDataPath>`:

Author: How about changing as follows: 
```suggestion
4. Configure `g_engine_config` with a body pose model data and its mapping file. Suppose that model data `data.tflite` and its mapping file `data_mapping.txt`, which are described in the [Background](#background) section, are applied and the files are stored in `<OwnDataPath>`:
```

    error_code = mv_engine_config_set_string_attribute(imagedata.g_engine_config,
    MV_INFERENCE_INPUT_NODE_NAME,
    inputNodeName);

    error_code = mv_engine_config_set_array_string_attribute(imagedata.g_engine_config,
    MV_INFERENCE_OUTPUT_NODE_NAMES,
    outputNodeName, 1);
    ```

    For more information on the configuration attributes such as `MV_INFERENCE_MODEL_WEIGHT_FILE_PATH`, see Media Vision Inference API (in [mobile](../../api/mobile/latest/group__CAPI__MEDIA__VISION__INFERENCE__MODULE.html) and [wearable](../../api/wearable/latest/group__CAPI__MEDIA__VISION__INFERENCE__MODULE.html) applications).

5. Use `mv_inference_configure()` to configure `g_inference` inference handle with `g_engine_config`:

    ```c
    error_code = mv_inference_configure(imagedata.g_inference, imagedata.g_engine_config);
    if (error_code != MEDIA_VISION_ERROR_NONE)
      dlog_print(DLOG_ERROR, LOG_TAG, "error code = %d", error_code);
    ```

6. Use `mv_inference_prepare()` to prepare inference:

    ```c
    error_code = mv_inference_prepare(imagedata.g_inference);
    if (error_code != MEDIA_VISION_ERROR_NONE)
      dlog_print(DLOG_ERROR, LOG_TAG, "error code = %d", error_code);

>       ```

Reviewer: Would you please use same indentation with line 261?

Please remove 2 spaces.

7. To detect pose, create `g_pose` media vision pose handle:

    ```c
    error_code = mv_pose_create(&imagedata.g_pose);
    if (error_code != MEDIA_VISION_ERROR_NONE)
      dlog_print(DLOG_ERROR, LOG_TAG, "error code = %d", error_code);

>       ```

Reviewer: Would you please use same indentation with line 269?

Please remove 2 spaces.

> 8. Suppose that MoCap BVH file `mocap.bvh` and its mapping file `mocap_mapping.txt` are used as the same ones described in [Background](#background) and they are in `<OwnDataPath>`. Then, set them to `g_pose` handle to compare and detect the pose:

Reviewer 2: @tyoungroy 
I need your opinion on the following: 
How about slight modification? Please verify for technical correctness too. 
```suggestion 
8. Suppose that MoCap BVH file `mocap.bvh` and its mapping file `mocap_mapping.txt` are used as per the description in the [Background](#background)section, and the files are stored in `<OwnDataPath>`. Then, set the files to `g_pose` handle for comparing and detecting the pose:

Just a question: 
them refers to ?

Author: How about changing as follows:
```suggestion
8. Suppose that MoCap BVH file `mocap.bvh` and its mapping file `mocap_mapping.txt`, which are described in the [Background](#background) section, are applied and the files are stored in `<OwnDataPath>`. Then, set the files to `g_pose` handle for comparing and detecting the pose:
```

'them' means the files 'mocap.bvh' and ' mocap_mapping.txt'. They are set to 'g_pose' handle and the they are used to compare the pose with the results from mv_inference_pose_landmark_detect()

         dlog_print(DLOG_INFO, LOG_TAG, "success to detect pose with score %.3f\n", pose_score);
      } else {
         dlog_print(DLOG_INFO, LOG_TAG, "fail to detect pose with score %.3f\n", pose_score);
      }
    }
    ```

10. After the detection is complete, destroy the source, engine configuration, the inference, and the pose handles using `mv_destroy_source()`, `mv_destroy_engine_config()`, `mv_inference_destroy()`, and `mv_pose_destroy()`:

    ```c
    error_code = mv_destroy_source(imagedata.g_source);
    if (error_code != MEDIA_VISION_ERROR_NONE)
        dlog_print(DLOG_ERROR, LOG_TAG, "error code = %d", error_code);

    error_code = mv_destroy_engine_config(imagedata.g_engine_config);
    if (error_code != MEDIA_VISION_ERROR_NONE)
        dlog_print(DLOG_ERROR, LOG_TAG, "error code = %d", error_code);

    error_code = mv_inference_destroy(imagedata.g_inference);
    if (error_code != MEDIA_VISION_ERROR_NONE)
        dlog_print(DLOG_ERROR, LOG_TAG, "error code = %d", error_code);

    error_code =
    mv_pose_destroy(imagedata.g_pose);
    if (error_code != MEDIA_VISION_ERROR_NONE)
        dlog_print(DLOG_ERROR, LOG_TAG, "error code = %d", error_code);
    ```

> ## Related Information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Related information
```

# Pose Detection

Pose Detection is a new feature of Media Vision Inference API since Tizen 6.0. This feature provides landmark detection. Besides, it defines landmarks and parts of a human body to help detect a human pose with Motion Capture (MoCap) file, which you can create or edit using various tools.

## Background

In Tizen, human body pose landmarks and body parts are defined as follows:

**Figure: Definition of human body pose landmarks and body parts**

![Body pose](./media/mediavision_pose_tizen_def.png)

> The Pose landmark detection models are available in Open Model Zoo such as [hosted model zoo](https://www.tensorflow.org/lite/guide/hosted_models#floating_point_models) or public GitHub site such as [public pose model](https://github.com/tyoungroy/PoseEstimationForMobile). The public pose models provide landmark information, such as the number of landmarks and locations. To use them correctly, you must map the information to landmarks based on the definition. For example, you can use the [public pose model](https://github.com/tyoungroy/PoseEstimationForMobile), which provides 14 landmarks as follows:

Reviewer: With [previous comment](https://github.com/Samsung/tizen-docs/pull/1244#discussion_r491663987), I accepted the link to @tyoungroy's personal repository as kind of official repository for the pose model. This comment is just a question. Is there any reason that you didn't link to the original repository that you forked from?

![Body pose](./media/mediavision_pose_public_model_def.png),

> In this model, `-1` denotes that there are no landmarks. Using this landmark information, you can create a mapping file. Suppose you create a mapping file with the name `pose_mapping.txt,` then you can populate the `pose_mapping.txt` file as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this model, `-1` denotes that there are no landmarks. Using this landmark information, you can create a mapping file. Suppose you create a mapping file with the name `pose_mapping.txt`, then you can populate the `pose_mapping.txt` file as follows:
```

Reviewer 2: @tyoungroy 
I think you have missed this comment.

![Body pose](./media/mediavision_pose_public_model_def.png),

In this model, `-1` denotes that there are no landmarks. Using this landmark information, you can create a mapping file. Suppose you create a mapping file with the name `pose_mapping.txt,` then you can populate the `pose_mapping.txt` file as follows:

```
1
2
-1
3
4
5
6
7
8
-1
9
10
11
12
13
14
```

`1` denotes that the first landmark of the model corresponds to the first definition,  `MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_HEAD`. `-1` at third position denotes that there is no corresponding landmark `MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_THORAX`. `3` at the fourth position denotes that the third landmark of the model corresponds to the fourth, `MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_RIGHT_SHOULDER`. The following table shows how the public model works:

**Table: Example of how  [public pose model](https://github.com/tyoungroy/PoseEstimationForMobile) maps to the definitions**

> | Value | Defintion | pose_mapping.txt |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Value | Definition | pose_mapping.txt |
```

Can we have a better description for the third column ?

| 6 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_RIGHT_WRIST | 5 |
| 7 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_LEFT_SHOULDER | 6 |
| 8 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_LEFT_ELBOW | 7 |
| 9 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_LEFT_WRIST | 8 |
| 10 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_PELVIS | -1 |
| 11 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_RIGHT_HIP | 9 |
| 12 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_RIGHT_KNEE | 10 |
| 13 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_RIGHT_ANKLE | 11 |
| 14 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_LEFT_HIP | 12 |
| 15 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_LEFT_KNEE | 13 |
| 16 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_LEFT_ANKLE | 14 |

The MoCap file includes the movements of objects or a person. There are various MoCap formats, but a well-known BioVision Hierarchy (BVH) file is supported in Media Vision. BVH file has a hierarchy structure to provide landmark information with landmarks' names, and the structure can be changed. It means that landmark information is different from the definition. To use the BVH file correctly, you have to map the information to the landmarks based on the definitions. For example, the [BVH file](./media/mediavision_pose_bvh_sample.bvh) describes a squat pose as follows:

![Body pose](./media/mediavision_pose_bvh_sample.png)

> The example starts with hips and ends with left foot with 15 landmrks. You can create a mapping file named `mocap_mapping.txt` as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The example starts with hips and ends with the left foot with 15 landmarks. You can create a mapping file named `mocap_mapping.txt` as follows:

```
Hips,10
Neck,2
Head,1
LeftUpArm,7
LeftLowArm,8
LeftHand,9
RightUpArm,4
RightLowArm,5
RightHand,6
LeftUpLeg,14
LeftLowLeg,15
LeftFoot,16
RightUpLeg,11
RightLowLeg,12
RightFoot,13
```

> If there is no mapped landmark, you don't need to list it. For example, index 3 is missing. It means that, in this BVH file, the third definition, `MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_THORAX` is not defined and not used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion 
If there is no mapped landmark, you don't need to list it. For example, index three is missing. It means that, in this BVH file, the third definition, `MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_THORAX` is not defined and not used.
```
Would it be good to spell out 3 ?

   ```c
   #include <mv_inference.h>

   /* Image decoding for image recognition */
   #include <image_util.h>
   /* Preview images for image tracking */
   #include <camera.h>
   ```
2. Create a structure to store global data.

   For pose detection, use the following `imagedata_s` structure:

   ```c
   struct _imagedata_s {
       mv_source_h g_source;
       mv_engine_config_h g_engine_config;
       mv_inference_h g_inference;
       mv_pose_h g_pose;
   };
   typedef struct _imagedata_s imagedata_s;
   static imagedata_s imagedata;
   ```

## Detect human pose

To detect human pose from an image:

1. Create the source and engine configuration handles:

   ```c
   int error_code = 0;

   error_code = mv_create_source(&imagedata.g_source);
   if (error_code != MEDIA_VISION_ERROR_NONE)
       dlog_print(DLOG_ERROR, LOG_TAG, "error code = %d", error_code);

   error_code = mv_create_engine_config(&imagedata.g_engine_config);
   if (error_code != MEDIA_VISION_ERROR_NONE)
       dlog_print(DLOG_ERROR, LOG_TAG, "error code= %d", error_code);
   ```
2. Decode the image file and fill the `g_source` handle with the decoded raw data:

>    In the following example image `sample.jpg`, a person is shown in a squat pose, and the image is in the `<OwnDataPath>` folder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   In the following example image `sample.jpg`, a person is shown in a squat pose, and the image is in the `<OwnDataPath>` folder:
```

Author: ```suggestion
Decode the image file and fill the `g_source` handle with the decoded raw data.
   In the following example image `sample.jpg`, a person is shown in a squat pose, and the image is in the `<OwnDataPath>` folder:
```

    outputNodeName, 1);
    ```

    For more information on the configuration attributes such as `MV_INFERENCE_MODEL_WEIGHT_FILE_PATH`, see Media Vision Inference API (in [mobile](../../api/mobile/latest/group__CAPI__MEDIA__VISION__INFERENCE__MODULE.html) and [wearable](../../api/wearable/latest/group__CAPI__MEDIA__VISION__INFERENCE__MODULE.html) applications).

5. Use `mv_inference_configure()` to configure `g_inference` inference handle with `g_engine_config`:

    ```c
    error_code = mv_inference_configure(imagedata.g_inference, imagedata.g_engine_config);
    if (error_code != MEDIA_VISION_ERROR_NONE)
      dlog_print(DLOG_ERROR, LOG_TAG, "error code = %d", error_code);
    ```

6. Use `mv_inference_prepare()` to prepare inference:

    ```c
    error_code = mv_inference_prepare(imagedata.g_inference);
    if (error_code != MEDIA_VISION_ERROR_NONE)
      dlog_print(DLOG_ERROR, LOG_TAG, "error code = %d", error_code);
    ```

7. To detect pose, create `g_pose` media vision pose handle:

    ```c
    error_code = mv_pose_create(&imagedata.g_pose);
    if (error_code != MEDIA_VISION_ERROR_NONE)
      dlog_print(DLOG_ERROR, LOG_TAG, "error code = %d", error_code);
    ```

> 8. Suppose that MoCap BVH file `mocap.bvh` and its mapping file `mocap_mapping.txt`, which are described in the [Background](#background) section, are applied and the files are stored in `<OwnDataPath>`. Then, set the files to `g_pose` handle for comparing and detecting the pose:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
8. Suppose that the MoCap BVH file `mocap.bvh` and its mapping file `mocap_mapping.txt`, that are described in the [Background](#background) section, are applied and the files are stored in `<OwnDataPath>`. Then, set the files to `g_pose` handle for comparing and detecting the pose:

## Background

In Tizen, human body pose landmarks and body parts are defined as follows:

**Figure: Definition of human body pose landmarks and body parts**

![Body pose](./media/mediavision_pose_tizen_def.png)

The Pose landmark detection models are available in Open Model Zoo such as [hosted model zoo](https://www.tensorflow.org/lite/guide/hosted_models#floating_point_models) or public GitHub site such as [public pose model](https://github.com/tyoungroy/PoseEstimationForMobile). The public pose models provide landmark information, such as the number of landmarks and locations. To use them correctly, you must map the information to landmarks based on the definition. For example, you can use the [public pose model](https://github.com/tyoungroy/PoseEstimationForMobile), which provides 14 landmarks as follows:

![Body pose](./media/mediavision_pose_public_model_def.png),

In this model, `-1` denotes that there are no landmarks. Using this landmark information, you can create a mapping file. Suppose you create a mapping file with the name `pose_mapping.txt,` then you can populate the `pose_mapping.txt` file as follows:

```
1
2
-1
3
4
5
6
7
8
-1
9
10
11
12
13
14
```

> `1` denotes that the first landmark of the model corresponds to the first definition,  `MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_HEAD`. `-1` at the 3rd denotes that there is no corresponding landmark `MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_THORAX`. `3` at the 4th denotes that the 3rd landmark of the model corresponds to the 4th, `MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_RIGHT_SHOULDER`. The following table shows how the public model works:

Reviewer: I missed to check this : Please change to ordinal numbers.

3rd ->third
4th -> fourth

Reviewer: I don't think we need to add "Similarly". In my opinion indeed they are separate notions and not similar items...

Reviewer 2: Sure, thanks edited as per your suggestion

> **Table: Example of how  [public pose model](https://github.com/tyoungroy/PoseEstimationForMobile) maps to the definition**

Reviewer: How about adding s to odefinition?

...maps to the definitions

| Value | Defintion | pose_mapping.txt |
| - | - | - |
| 1 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_HEAD | 1 |
| 2 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_NECK | 2 |
| 3 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_THORAX | -1 |
| 4 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_RIGHT_SHOULDER | 3 |
| 5 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_RIGHT_ELBOW | 4 |
| 6 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_RIGHT_WRIST | 5 |
| 7 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_LEFT_SHOULDER | 6 |
| 8 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_LEFT_ELBOW | 7 |
| 9 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_LEFT_WRIST | 8 |
| 10 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_PELVIS | -1 |
| 11 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_RIGHT_HIP | 9 |
| 12 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_RIGHT_KNEE | 10 |
| 13 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_RIGHT_ANKLE | 11 |
| 14 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_LEFT_HIP | 12 |
| 15 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_LEFT_KNEE | 13 |
| 16 | MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_LEFT_ANKLE | 14 |

> MoCap file includes the movements of objects or a person. There are various MoCap formats, but a well-known BioVision Hierarchy (BVH) file is supported in Media Vision. BVH file has a hierarchy structure to provide landmark information with landmarks name, and the structure can be changed. It means that landmarks information is different from the definition. To use the BVH file correctly, you have to map the information to the landmarks based on the definitions. For example, the [BVH file](./media/mediavision_pose_bvh_sample.bvh) describes a squat pose as follows:

Reviewer: Question to "landmarks name".

According to the context, isn't one of both right?

 - "landmarks' names"
 - "landmark's name"

In my opinion, it seems most case we'd have multiple landmarks. Thus plural should be used to both "landmark" and "name". Would you please check this and let me know your opinion

Reviewer: As you can see in the image mediavision_pose_tizen_def.png, weren't there multiple landmarks needed to detect a human pose? While reading the article I thought there should be always multiple landmarks to get how the human pose is. With only one landmark I couldn't imagine how to detect human pose, and that's the reason I asked plural. 
@tyoungroy Would you please also check?

Reviewer 2: @mijin85cho Correct, that's is the intention of the text. And the text is saying exactly what you comprehended. 
 
The word **information** fulfils your point. w.r.t to whatever information is in BVH 

Thanks 
Let us wait for @tyoungroy 's opinion.

Author: Multiple landmarks are required to detect pose. BVH is a format which has a hierarchy structure to provide landmark information of a person or objects. It can include one landmark but it is useless.  It should includes multiple landmarks if it is meaningful as a format to provide landmark information of a person or objects.
```suggestion
The MoCap file includes the movements of objects or a person. There are various MoCap formats, but a well-known BioVision Hierarchy (BVH) file is supported in Media Vision. BVH file has a hierarchy structure to provide landmark information with landmarks' names, and the structure can be changed. It means that landmark information is different from the definition. To use the BVH file correctly, you have to map the information to the landmarks based on the definitions. For example, the [BVH file](./media/mediavision_pose_bvh_sample.bvh) describes a squat pose as follows:
```
I fixed it to 'landmarks names'

![Body pose](./media/mediavision_pose_bvh_sample.png)

The example starts with hips and ends with left foot with 15 landmrks. You can create a mapping file named `mocap_mapping.txt` as follows:

```
Hips,10
Neck,2
Head,1
LeftUpArm,7
LeftLowArm,8
LeftHand,9
RightUpArm,4
RightLowArm,5
RightHand,6
LeftUpLeg,14
LeftLowLeg,15
LeftFoot,16
RightUpLeg,11
RightLowLeg,12
RightFoot,13
```

> If there is no mapped landmark, you don't need to list it. For example, index 3 is missing. It means that, in this bvh file, the 3rd definition, `MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_THORAX`, is not defined and not used.

Author: ```suggestion
If there is no mapped landmark, you don't need to list it. For example, index 3 is missing. It means that, in this BVH file, the third definition, `MV_INFERENCE_HUMAN_POSE_THORAX`, is not defined and not used.
```
',' and '`' are not required?
